readme.md, before:

# TasksCLI

TasksCLI is a command-line interface tool for managing tasks stored in a CSV file. It allows you to list, filter, view, and update tasks efficiently from your terminal.


## Features

- List all tasks
- Filter tasks by field and value
- View detailed information for a specific task
- Update task status
- Colorful output for better readability

![TasksCLI Example](example.png)



## Installation

Install the gem by running:

```
gem install tasks_cli
```

## Configuration

TasksCLI expects a CSV file located at `~/tasks.csv`. Ensure this file exists and has the correct format before using the tool.

### CSV Format

The CSV file should have the following columns:

1. Epic Name
2. Ticket Number
3. Ticket Name
4. Ticket Description
5. Priority
6. Status
7. Relates To [Array]
8. Blocked By [Array]
9. Updated At (optional)

Example:

```
Epic Name,Ticket Number,Ticket Name,Ticket Description,Priority,Status,Relates To,Blocked By,Updated At
Epic 1,1,Task 1,Description 1,High,To Do,,,
Epic 1,2,Task 2,Description 2,Medium,In Progress,,,
Epic 1,3,Task 3,Description 3,Low,Done,,,
```

## Usage

### Listing Tasks

To list all tasks, run:

```
tasks list
```

### Filtering Tasks

To filter tasks by a specific field and value, run:

```
tasks filter FIELD:VALUE
```

Replace `FIELD` with the column name and `VALUE` with the value you want to filter by.

For example, to filter tasks by Epic 1:

```
tasks filter "Epic Name":"Epic 1" 
```

### Viewing Task Details

To view details of a specific task, run:

```
tasks view NUMBER
```

### Updating Task Status

To update the status of a task, run:

```
tasks update NUMBER STATUS
```

Replace `NUMBER` with the ticket number and `STATUS` with the new status you want to set.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.

Commit message:

update readme to suggest using LLM to generate tasks csv

readme.md, after:

# TasksCLI

TasksCLI is a command-line interface tool for managing tasks stored in a CSV file. It allows you to list, filter, view, and update tasks efficiently from your terminal.


## Features

- List all tasks
- Filter tasks by field and value
- View detailed information for a specific task
- Update task status
- Colorful output for better readability

![TasksCLI Example](example.png)



## Installation

Install the gem by running:

```
gem install tasks_cli
```

## Configuration

TasksCLI expects a CSV file located at `~/tasks.csv`. Ensure this file exists and has the correct format before using the tool.

### CSV Format

The CSV file should have the following columns:

1. Epic Name
2. Ticket Number
3. Ticket Name
4. Ticket Description
5. Priority
6. Status
7. Relates To [Array]
8. Blocked By [Array]
9. Updated At (optional)

```
Epic Name,Ticket Number,Ticket Name,Ticket Description,Priority,Status,Relates To,Blocked By,Updated At
Epic 1,1,Task 1,Description 1,High,To Do,,,
Epic 1,2,Task 2,Description 2,Medium,In Progress,,,
Epic 1,3,Task 3,Description 3,Low,Done,,,
```

What I find best is to use the following process;
1. Loosely define the project with an LLM of your choice. 
2. Ask LLM to generate a list of tasks for the project.
3. Iterate on the LLM generated tasks until you are satisfied.
4. Ask LLM to generate the CSV of the tasks using the above format. 

## Usage

### Listing Tasks

To list all tasks, run:

```
tasks list
```

### Filtering Tasks

To filter tasks by a specific field and value, run:

```
tasks filter FIELD:VALUE
```

Replace `FIELD` with the column name and `VALUE` with the value you want to filter by.

For example, to filter tasks by Epic 1:

```
tasks filter "Epic Name":"Epic 1" 
```

### Viewing Task Details

To view details of a specific task, run:

```
tasks view NUMBER
```

### Updating Task Status

To update the status of a task, run:

```
tasks update NUMBER STATUS
```

Replace `NUMBER` with the ticket number and `STATUS` with the new status you want to set.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the `LICENSE` file for more details.
